trace:  Use non-generic to replace newEvictedQueue in trace.start to reduce memory usage. (#5497)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  - The exporter no longer exports the deprecated "otel.library.name" or "otel.library.version" attributes.
- Upgrade `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.25.0` to `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.26.0` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/resource`. (#5490)
- Upgrade `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.25.0` to `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.26.0` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace`. (#5490)

> - `Tracer.Start` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace` use non-generic to replace `newEvictedQueue` to reduce memory allocation. (#5497)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use non-generic functions in the `Start` method of `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace".Trace` to reduce memory allocation. (#5497)
```
